Fix unintelligible in GoTime FM (#877)
thechangelog/transcripts: gotime/go-time-14.md

**Brian Ketelsen:** That's awesome.

> **Erik St. Martin:** So Go projects. I have one that I saw come through - I think I saw it on Twitter a few days ago, but it goes along with this whole security mindset that we're talking about this episode, which is Hewlett-Packard released a library called [`gosec`](https://github.com/securego/gosec) - a command line tool, anyway - to statically analyze your code for common security or vulnerabilities, and some of which were actually validating the TLS ciphers and protocols within your project, and then there was some SQL injection vectors it looked for, and I think using some crypto primitives and stuff that were weaker. There is a whole slew of things, and it will actually be interesting now that this is here to see how many more security checks people add to the code.

Reviewer: It looks like the project Erik is talking about here is in the Show Notes on the episode page, and it's [`gas`](https://github.com/HewlettPackard/gas) if you'd like to link it here:
```suggestion
**Erik St. Martin:** So Go projects. I have one that I saw come through - I think I saw it on Twitter a few days ago, but it goes along with this whole security mindset that we're talking about this episode, which is Hewlett-Packard released a library called [`gas`](https://github.com/HewlettPackard/gas) - a command line tool, anyway - to statically analyze your code for common security or vulnerabilities, and some of which were actually validating the TLS ciphers and protocols within your project, and then there was some SQL injection vectors it looked for, and I think using some crypto primitives and stuff that were weaker. There is a whole slew of things, and it will actually be interesting now that this is here to see how many more security checks people add to the code.
```

Author: So when I looked through the comment headers, it looked like GoSec is run by Hewlett Packard. It looks like `gas` was renamed to `gosec` and now redirects. But given the timing of this episode, this is a more accurate link, thanks!
